ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Previously on "Dance Moms"--
ABBY: Girls, this is for Nationals!
Candy Apple Dance Center
can't wait to beat your ass.
X, O, X, O, Cathy.
[laughter]
KELLY: I was talking about how
my daughter's come 3,000 miles
to do three steps.
ABBY: And be lucky she's
doing those first steps.
[crying] I don't know how
much people think I can take.
I can't take it!
ABBY: There should be blood
on that dance floor, blood on that stage.
[cheering]
And our top scoring
National winner with 138--
[cheering and applause]
JILL: Good job, girls!
It's hard to watch your kids on stage
and think it's the last time you're
going to watch them dance.
I just don't want to come back.
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on "Dance Moms"--
ABBY: I want you to be the first to know
that I'm going to hold an audition.
I'm replacing Brooke and Paige.
CHRISTI: Come hell or high water,
I'm getting Kelly back here.
Can you tell me that I
have a brilliant idea?
You have a brilliant idea.
[laughs]
ABBY: Kendall is going to do a solo
this weekend.
[crying]
JILL: What's wrong?
HOLLY: What happened?
Abby kept yelling at me.
JILL: [yelling] You go back to LA
if that's what you want!
Because we can't
compete with that here.
You cannot be a national title holder
and run off the stage
because you forgot your dance.
There will be none of that this season.
Year after year, her kid won a title.
Now she [bleep] all over that title.
Hit the road, Jack.
There's always another kid.
[theme music]
THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[music playing]
- JILL: Hi, guys.
- HOLLY: How are you?
- How are you?
- It's good to see you!
JILL: We're the first ones here.
CHRISTI: It's the first week back
after our long break,
and I think all the girls are
really excited to be back.
They came off such an amazing
win at Nationals,
and I think they're excited to show Abby
that they've improved.
Hi, sweetie.
- How are you?
- Good.
We all showed up for dance today,
and Kelly's not in the driveway.
It's...like our team is not whole.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: You got to really experience
hip hop.
MELISSA: Look. Look at this.
Look at this part.
[ominous music]
All right.
I am not doing a pyramid right now.
How dare Kelly do this to me?
I've had it.
There's not enough people to do a pyramid.
I have to go back to the drawing board.
No pyramid.
I'm angry at the people that aren't here.
I'm very disappointed.
But I'm also angry at the people
that are here.
You had six group numbers.
Some of you know two of them,
some of you know one of them.
That's not going to be a winning number.
After Nationals, there was a break
in the competition season.
While I was gone shooting my show
in Los Angeles,
I arranged for some guest choreographers
to come into my studio
to have routines that are already
ready to go.
But then I learned from my staff
that nobody showed up.
Last season you all had two solos
ready to go
before we ever started
our competition season.
I didn't find out the people weren't here
until the choreographers
called me and say, hey,
it was kind of hard to get
a great number together
when only two kids were there.
That makes me look bad.
Do these kids really think that you
win an overall national title,
and then you don't take class anymore?
Really?
You're only as good as
your last performance.
The break is the time that you
set new goals,
you overcome new obstacles,
and you improve.
No pyramid.
HOLLY: But, Abby, how can you throw away
all that they worked for last year?
Like this.
Girls, no pyramid.
This weekend we will be traveling
to Denver, Colorado
to attend In10sity Dance.
I want you to be the first
to know that I'm
going to hold an audition,
and I'm replacing Brooke and Paige.
And you will be nice
and wonderful and kind
to whoever the two people are.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: Abby not only is screaming
at our kids
that they missed a few days of dance class
for family vacation,
but it's also our fault that Kelly,
Brooke and Paige aren't here.
Maybe I ought to rip your pyramid down
and throw it in the dumpster.
Because it won't fit in the trash can.
OK.
So every free minute that you
have over the next two weeks,
you'd better be working on these numbers.
CHRISTI: Chloe, put your hand down.
Oh, god.
Please put your hand down.
ABBY: Chloe, you were at the top
of the pyramid.
You were the national winner.
It's the first week out.
You should be doing a solo.
You should be defending that title.
But I don't know if I'm going
to even do solos.
CHRISTI: Yeah. Way to go, Chlo.
Like, don't make eye contact,
raise your hand, and ask her questions.
Like, try to find the back of pack.
Mackenzie's the only smart one.
She's like, I'm little
and I'm standing behind everyone.
ABBY: Don't ask me about the solos, again.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Everybody's probably wondering
how I'm going
to assign routines this week.
My focus is going to be the group.
I need to get the group routine under way
before I give any thought
to who's doing a solo or duet or trio.
This is the group routine.
And you, and you and Paige were demons.
And you, and you and Brooke were angels.
So now, Chloe's the angel
and you're all demons.
See how people not
showing up affected you?
CHRISTI: I love how Abby's like,
oh, she's not coming back, ever.
Oh, oh, oh.
No one will treat me this way
in my studio and get away with it.
No. Kelly didn't show up.
You didn't kick her out.
[laughs]
Kelly is not going to crawl back.
- CHRISTI: No.
- No way.
- She's not going to do that.
- She said she's not.
I-- I really do believe she's not going
to come crawling back.
Five, six, seven, and piqu ,
through, look.
Down, down, up.
Pretty.
The group routine this
week is "Angel and Demons."
It's about an angel who's being
torn apart inside by the demons.
One-- watch your arms.
Watch your arms.
She wants to let them out.
But, then again, she wants
to hide them from everyone.
Run, run, saut  through, run.
So you're coming too soon.
You're there before they get there.
And you are forgetting what to do.
You're, like, blanking on me, you.
And you're not getting around her
fast enough.
You should be around her
before she's out on the floor.
Wait. Can I just say one more
thing about the pyramid?
My child is the only one here who's never
been at the top of the pyramid.
Do you guys realize that?
MELISSA: Oh, really?
So I know you don't give it any clout,
but I would really like for some day,
for her to have that goal.
And I really was hoping she
would say that.
Look, I want to get to the top
of that pyramid.
Because--
- No.
--they can.
My goal is to get Kendall
at the top of the pyramid.
And, according to Abby, it's not always
your placement in how you
do in a group, meaning you
don't always have to win to
be at the top of the pyramid.
I'm holding an open audition.
I'm going to look at every kid.
And you know that I don't
take kids from other studios
and just stick them out there.
That's ridiculous.
I want it to be somebody
from my own studio.
But, you know what?
I don't really care anymore.
I hope they're 10 times
better than Paige and Brooke.
Let's go.
Turn around.
[music playing]
We started planning this audition
while I was still in LA.
There was a line around the
building and down the block.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
- Hi.
- Hi!
ABBY: All right.
Anybody from Michigan?
Ohio?
New Orleans?
JILL: There's always that fear
in the back of your mind
that-- what if she finds
someone that she thinks
is better, cuter, more talented
than any one of our kids?
I mean, I would hate for
Kendall to be replaced.
Who would like to be on this particular
team at the Abby Lee Dance Company?
OK.
I have two spots.
All right, let's do it.
[music playing]
All right, girls, up.
You guys right there, go.
The talent in the studio
right now is blowing me away, wow.
I have never seen this many talented kids
all in one place together at one time.
Oh, maybe we have Brooke!
[applause]
I think-- I think we found Brooke.
Ready? Let's do it.
[applause]
OK. I'm going to keep you, you--
of course I'm looking for somebody
that fits in with the group.
But I'm also looking for
beautiful legs, gorgeous feet,
excellent flexibility,
and a great ability to comprehend quickly.
That is key when you have to do a
new competition routine every single week.
I'm going to let you go.
Where are you from?
You're gone.
You jump in there with them.
JILL: It's kind of interesting
sitting in the viewing room,
watching these moms.
It's almost like the moms were competing
as well as their kids.
These moms are crazy.
Hey, Leslie?
Yes?
WOMAN: I did have something
I wanted to ask you about.
MELISSA: OK. I'm sorry.
I have to get through.
- Because I felt like it.
I don't have to answer to you.
You are the rudest woman I know.
Yes, you are.
- Am I really?
Nobody even asked
me to pick them up.
Are you kidding me?
You were chaperoning.
LESLIE: They just
assumed-- you're a nobody.
Why are you even here?
I do not abandon eight kids in LA.
[angry chatter]
LESLIE: Shut up!
Go back and drive
your [inaudible] bus.
ABBY: Next group!
[music playing]
Ariel walkover.
You're just looking better all
the time over there, purple.
Next group!
HOLLY: There's enough talent
during this open call
that Abby could easily
make another team or two.
I see it.
I'm sure the other moms see it.
I think everyone's feeling
a little pressured, like, hmm.
Is Abby getting bright ideas
and maybe replace all the girls?
Congratulations!
These are our finalists.
Give them a round of applause.
[applause]
MELISSA: My biggest concern
about Abby bringing someone new
into the team is, you know,
these girls are all tall.
They're at least six,
eight inches taller than our girls.
So it's kind of going to
look odd as a group number.
So this girl is going
to have to be featured
in every single dance.
ABBY: Congratulations.
[applause]
I'm-- I'm a little overwhelmed.
I have a lot to think about.
I will have to decide who will
be here in rehearsal tomorrow
and going to Denver, Colorado this weekend
to compete with our groups.
But, you never know.
There's some kids on thin ice.
It's not over tonight.
[ominous music]
[music playing]
KELLY: Have you guys thought what
you wanted to do about dance?
No, not really.
BROOKE: My mom pulled me
and Paige out of dance
because Abby's really mean to my sister.
And she also doesn't
get along with my mom.
We need to decide what we want to do.
I don't even know if I want to dance.
OK, but what do you want to do?
Tell me what you want to do.
I want to do dancing,
but I also want to, like, model.
I would have never been able
to take you to do that modeling
if we weren't already in LA for dance.
And that's why you got to do the song.
Like, it all goes together.
I think the real question is,
do you want to go back?
PAIGE: [laughs]
- No. I don't want to go back.
I-- I'm just done with Abby
torturing me and my kids.
I mean, this is supposed to be fun.
And I think my kids were starting
to not enjoy being there.
And I just-- I'm not going
to put my kids in an environment
that I don't think is safe
and healthy for them.
[music playing]
GIANNA: Ball change.
One-- straight bottom leg.
Up!
- JILL: Hello.
- ABBY: Hello.
Kendall is going to be
doing a solo this weekend.
- That's great.
- ABBY: And I'm going to start it today.
I think she can do it.
- Well, I just hope--
- She's got a lot of potential.
--that you and I have a good season--
We can have a good season.
--and that you have learned
by stepping back and watching.
I think after seeing some of
those kids that auditioned--
JILL: I know.
- --she should be inspired.
She will be.
Yes, absolutely.
Abby gives Kendall the very
first solo of the season.
And I said to her, it's like
the first gift of Christmas.
Hey. Kendall has a solo!
- Yay!
- Yeah!
ABBY: Hey, girls!
Hi.
All right.
I worked on some music
and I gave some thought
to who was here and who did what they
were supposed to do.
And I am going to start
a solo with Kendall.
It's called "It Girl."
You need to get yourself ready.
That's what I'm going to start with.
I want everyone else working
on the group routine.
JILL: So, Abby, what did you think
of the talent,
and who did you pick?
I'm not telling. I don't--
So you did choose one or two?
I narrowed the decision down.
[music playing]
HOLLY: There are a lot of talented kids
with amazing feet,
beautiful legs and lines.
But it's only been a short period of time
since Kelly hasn't shown up
to the dance studio.
Why do we have this need to
fill Paige and Brooke's spot?
Work with what you've got and--
Work with what you got.
ABBY: I've been working with what I got
for-- for 39 weeks, now.
It would've been easier to cast
a whole new group than to find
somebody to fit in with them.
Those kids last night we're
dancing for their lives.
HOLLY: Abby, would you put
the new person--
would you give them a solo over
the other kids in the group?
Yes.
JILL: And would this new
person start out on probation,
like Kendall did last year?
[music playing]
ABBY: I don't understand why the
mothers don't understand this.
I don't want their children
looking any less
than they did winning the
National Championship.
I'm doing it to protect their children.
This is called "It Girl."
The music is a little bit different.
So it's sassy and it's fast and it's fun.
The music talks about a sassy, swanky,
fun loving it girl,
somebody who's ahead of her time.
And that's Kendall.
Ball change, up, up.
JILL: I'm really excited that Kendall
has a solo.
You know what?
This is Kendall's year to get something.
What did I tell you 10 times?
Don't step in front of yourself.
You can see how pigeon toed you are.
Step to the left.
I feel like I'm dealing with a 5-year-old.
Why are you not continuing
to turn and roll to the floor
and leap over your hand?
It's the same thing. Do it.
She's screaming.
ABBY: When I received reports
from my faculty
during the break, I kept
hearing about Kendall.
She was always there.
She was working really hard.
And I thought, wow, Kendall
is going to be a force to be
reckoned with this season.
And I made the routine difficult.
Really, Kendall?
Kendall, you know what?
You're done.
The people that were in her dancing
are 1,000 times better than you.
Go somewhere else and work on it.
JILL: There's nothing like working
with Abby.
You almost have to get
your heart and your mind
in a certain mode to be
able to work with Abby.
Oh, she's crying.
Uh-oh.
[crying]
MELISSA: What's wrong?
HOLLY: What happened?
JILL: What were you--
what were you working on?
She told me to do the turn, and I didn't
hear her, and she yelled at me.
Jill, I don't know what's going on but--
I don't, either.
--I have an empty room and I have 30 kids
shoved into studio B, practicing.
I just gave you a combination, and you
couldn't remember it two seconds later.
That's not Kendall.
Time's up.
JILL: OK.
Let's go.
That's what I mean.
She keeps being mean to me.
A kid who was the only one that got a solo
shouldn't be up there crying.
She's right.
You shouldn't be crying.
However, you are.
ABBY: I have this crying kid.
She's nine years old
and she's sitting upstairs
on her mother's lap crying.
What is going on with your kid?
JILL: I don't know, Abby,
but you can't say that to her.
ABBY: Wait a minute.
I can say whatever I want, number one.
JILL: Well, then you can't
expect her to perform for you.
ABBY: The triple coup that she used to do,
that we worked on,
to the developp,
to the inside arabesque--
she couldn't do it.
She couldn't remember
what she just did.
Then she goes upstairs
and is crying like a baby.
JILL: Of course she's crying
because she told me
how her feelings were hurt.
Oh, you know what?
I gave it to her.
She had the time.
- All right.
That was it.
All right.
I can't-- you know what?
We can't compete!
[music playing]
JILL: I'm pissed off at Abby
because Kendall still
has all that fire in her
belly and all that potential,
and I need Abby to see that again.
My goal is to get Kendall
at the top of the pyramid.
And I want Kendall to be a star.
We can't compete with that, here!
ABBY: Next!
Next!
[music playing]
GIANNA: This way, through, drop.
- ABBY: How we doing, girls?
- Good.
ABBY: Good?
All right, let's do it. Come on.
Oh, my god. It's hot as heck up here.
CHRISTI: She OK?
I don't know.
HOLLY: I'm afraid of what we
have to deal with
and what our girls have to deal
with for this competition season.
It's not just a regular old Abby.
It's, like, the inflated,
egotistical Abby.
How can that be?
Here's the--
here's the problem.
It's the inflated, egotistical,
I can have any kid out there I want--
because, look, they come to my auditions.
HOLLY: Yes, and she's right.
You're-- see, she's a lefty.
So that's right.
Hi.
ABBY: The new moms?
OK, bring them in.
Uh-oh.
- ABBY: Hello.
- Hi!
ABBY: How are you?
- Great.
How are you?
- Nice to see you.
- I love your ring.
- Hi.
Hi. How are you?
Does anybody have a nail file?
Should we get our cat claws ready?
If I go with you, I have a 10-year-old
to keep my age down.
If I go with you, then I can
win in the 13 to 15 division.
I called back two dancers
from the audition--
Ally and Ava.
Originally, I was replacing
Brooke and Paige.
But after closer consideration,
I decided just to go with one dancer.
Pass and just double out.
I like Ava.
I think she's a really pretty little girl,
and I think she's fabulous
for only being 10 years old.
But she doesn't have her said ariel, yet.
I need a kid that can tumble
as well as dance.
OK.
Whatever happens today,
I don't want you to take it as the gospel.
Two weeks could go by
and we could call somebody back in.
- Right.
- OK?
And, by then,
you may have your side ariel.
Yes?
So I'm going to tell you that today
is not your day.
- OK.
- All right?
And you're going to go to Denver with us.
All right?
[music playing]
I'm Ally.
I'm 13 years old.
This is a big opportunity.
And, I mean,
I just don't want to screw it up.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
ABBY: Ally is a special dancer.
She is gorgeous to look at.
Her technique is flawless,
and she's over 12.
That's what I'm looking for.
[music playing]
CATHY: Here we are.
Another competition season, huh?
Since Nationals in LA,
where we encountered Abby Lee,
my special teams kind of blew up.
So I am looking for a total new package.
Justice isn't coming back.
If Tonya doesn't want to participate
at Candy Apples Dance Center,
then we don't need her.
We don't need Justice.
Team kind of fell apart on us, didn't it?
Do you miss Justice?
+Do you miss him?
A little bit?
Yeah.
If I did something, like, really crazy--
I'm here. Look at me.
Look at my eyes.
Slow down.
If I did something really crazy
and went out and did
a whole different team,
would you be OK if you
weren't on the team for now?
I mean, you know--
Yeah.
Do you think that it would be
a good idea if I used all boys?
Oh, no.
You have chocolate on your teeth.
Ew.
Let me see.
Open up.
OK, it's gone.
Now it's underneath my fingernail.
I think an all-boy team will win a lot.
Would win a lot?
Yeah, I think you're right, honey.
I think that mommy's idea is brilliant.
Can you tell me that I
have a brilliant idea?
You know how I love to
hear that kind of stuff.
You have a brilliant idea.
[laughs]
ABBY: We're going to start working
right now.
This is the group number.
- OK.
And I'm just tipping you off.
Chloe was my lead in the group number
and now it's going to be you.
[music playing]
So I'm sure Chloe's mother's
going to hate you but,
oh, well.
SHELLY: It was overwhelming
because it was-- it was all so new.
And, you know, of
course, there's always
anxiety when you haven't
danced with a team before,
especially a team that
was so seasoned and--
and had been together so long.
So we're going to start you over here.
Originally, Chloe had the lead
as the angel.
But now, Chloe is not the
tallest member of the group.
So I'm going with the tall
member, and that's Ally.
This was Brooke's and it's so little.
I want to see if it fits
you or if it looks stupid.
That's cute.
Turn back around.
ALLY: I felt really bad because Abby
switched me out with Chloe's part.
Because I didn't want to
just come in and, like,
take her spot because she's
been here for a long time.
Who are you?
I am Ally's mom.
MELISSA: Oh, I'm like--
no one introduced us.
HOLLY: Hi.
- Here's Holly.
- Holly.
Nice to meet you.
- Shelly.
HOLLY: Shelly?
Yes, Shelly.
HOLLY: Oh, nice to meet you.
And that is Ally.
Oh, OK.
What is she working on?
I-- I really don't--
I really don't know.
One, two, three, four.
Smile, one--
Looks like she's
learning a solo.
I don't know.
Break into a big lunge down.
I don't know if this is so much a solo--
Oh, so it's a private?
HOLLY: I don't think it's a private.
It looks like Chloe's part of the dance.
OK.
HOLLY: As Ally's executing
the dance movements,
it becomes really apparent
that she is not a demon.
She is an angel
because she's doing Chloe's part.
It's the featured part.
It's the part in the group dance.
Oh, my god.
Christi's going to freak.
HOLLY: Because Chloe's been
talking non-stop about--
She's happy.
And she said to Miss Abby
yesterday-- remember?
She goes, am I still
going to have my part?
That's exactly right.
She did.
Excuse me just one minute.
HOLLY: OK.
Abby's not that noble to pick
Ally because I think she--
she believes Ally is that
superior of a-- of a dancer.
I think Abby selects Ally to do
that part because she's getting
back at Chloe for missing part
of her beauty camp during break.
- Hi, Jilly!
- Hi!
Ugh.
JILL: What?
MELISSA: This is the new girl's mom.
Let's not tell her what, and let's just
see if she figures it out.
JILL: What?
[music playing]
Oh, she's learning the group.
MELISSA: Uh-huh, but-- yup,
and now keep watching, though.
HOLLY: Keep watching.
She's doing Chloe's part, isn't she?
There you go.
That's it.
[music playing]
JILL: I think Christi
is going to be so disappointed.
I feel that this was Abby's way
of teaching Chloe a lesson.
Don't stay away from the studio
for three months.
Don't go on family vacations, nonstop.
And-- and come to class.
[music playing]
ABBY: Piqu , go.
Piqu , coup , piqu , coup , soutenu.
- Hello!
- Hey!
How are you?
Over there.
Over here.
We're just going to slide--
new girl was in my spot.
- Oh, is she here?
- MELISSA: Just slide her down.
- CHRISTI: The mom?
- JILL: Just slide down.
- Yeah.
- ABBY: Down.
CHRISTI: Oh, does she have the solo?
MELISSA: No, not so much.
The new girl?
No.
It's the group dance she's learning.
Why is she doing Chloe's part?
MELISSA: Uh-huh.
Chloe's your national title winner
and she's been here since she was two.
You know, you talk about
these girls missing
three days for vacation--
well, Ally's missed 13 years.
Hi.
JILL: Hi.
HOLLY: Hi.
- How are you?
- We meet again.
- Hi.
SHELLY: I had the opportunity
to meet the moms.
And, you know, it was--
it was, you know, scary at first
because I'm not from here.
I'm not from Pittsburgh.
I'm-- I'm from New Orleans.
I-- I really don't know anyone.
So it was a little--
I was-- I was timid, at first.
JILL: I have to say I don't approve.
Nothing against-- and I know
there's nothing you can do.
We-- we all do what we're told.
But, you know, Chlo worked hard.
They all worked hard.
And they've danced here their whole lives.
Yeah.
I-- I mean, I--
I can understand that.
It's understandable.
I'm sorry.
You know what, Shelly?
If you feel so bad, why don't you
put your money where your mouth is
and go down and say something to Abby?
Like, you know, it's not right
to take the lead away
from a child who's been
here since she was two.
ABBY: Chloe, the name of your music
is "Nobody's Perfect."
And that means even though
you won that national title,
I didn't think your
performance was perfect.
You need to work on bringing
that back like straighter.
Don't bend it and pull it through.
You need to be just as good as you
were then.
Chloe should have a solo, of course.
She is the reigning National Champion.
She needs to hold onto that title.
She needs to move forward.
She needs to get better.
[music playing]
ABBY: Dun, dun, dun, dun.
Dun, dun, dun, dun.
Dun, dun, dun,
dun, dun, dun, dun.
And-- lipstick.
Chloe, you are the national title holder.
You have two more days
to fix this combination.
Do you understand that?
Two days and you're in Denver,
and everybody
in the whole country knows that
you're the national winner.
You're either going to look
better than you did or you
rested on your
laurels and you think
you don't have to work anymore
because you already won.
It's up to you.
Go get Maddie.
I'm warning you up front--
you cry today, you're finished.
No solos.
Got it?
Drop over, come up.
Peace.
I give Maddie a solo because Maddie
had the best attendance over the break.
Breathe.
OK. You're a little early.
You have time for a double compass.
[music playing]
MELISSA: I think Maddie was definitely
a little threatened.
So now that Ally's on the team,
you know, tensions are starting to--
you know, it's starting
already, first competition.
As we go on I want to get
a little more difficult.
I want it to be more mature.
You have two more days.
That's all you have.
And I want you to get a copy
of the music, Gianna.
So listen to the words,
listen to the story.
It's beautiful. OK?
All right, you're good.
You can go.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[music playing]
ABBY: Now remember, Mackenzie,
you have come a long way, kiddo.
You were just a dumb little kid
doing your little thing
with the big sister who was amazing.
Now you have a national title.
Mackenzie has a solo this week, too.
It's called "Goodie Goodie."
It's sassy, it's cute,
it's age appropriate.
We're good.
Good.
Not good.
Do the walk.
Big. Big, but really-- like,
you're looking down at the floor.
You need to look up in the air.
These two walks are really bad.
You need to be, like, sassy and really
swing your head when you're upstage.
Last year, at the end of the
season when you won your title,
you were hitting more than a split.
Now you're barely in a split.
Understand?
That's what I'm talking about,
about the end of the season you
were up here.
And now you're, like,
not quite up there.
OK?
MACKENZIE: The choreography
for this dance is hard.
And it makes me a little nervous.
I just told your moms this whole story.
Now I'm going to tell you, real quick.
You are not at the level you
were on last season,
when you won the National Championship.
You won a title.
You want a title.
Brooke won a title.
And you haven't stepped on stage
in how many weeks?
And now you're going to go all
the way to Denver and perform?
Really?
I'm crazy.
I think I'm crazy.
So you're going to do this number for me.
And if it's not perfect,
I will pull all the demons.
And, Ally, you will do the angel part
as a solo.
Understood?
That means you won't be dancing, at all.
HOLLY: She cannot possibly
be seriously considering scrapping
the group number and putting in someone
who just walked in off the street
and giving her a solo?
That's outrageous.
That means my child will have nothing
to do during this dance competition.
[music playing]
MELISSA: So if we don't do this
group dance,
that means Nia is not dancing.
- Yeah.
Whoa!
That's wrong.
Her name is Abby Lee Miller.
She has wrong as her middle name.
[applause]
Get up.
I'm going to give you a hug.
That was great.
[laughs]
Ally just did the number as a solo,
the group number.
So we're worried
that she's taking everybody
out of the dance and just
putting your daughter as a solo.
Oh, gosh.
I hope that doesn't happen.
That means Nia won't
be dancing, at all.
HOLLY: At this point,
we're getting really close to going
to competition and don't want to waste
my time.
And I know as much
as I hate to do it,
I'm going to have to go downstairs
and talk to Abby about this.
Abby!
ABBY: What?
I don't want to go all across the country
to have my child not dance
in a group or a solo.
ABBY: Suddenly, Holly really cares.
I mean, she doesn't want to go
all the way to Denver
if Nia doesn't have a solo.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
You're part of the team,
and this is what we're doing.
Don't keep bitching away when
your kid's not in a number!
I'm not.
ABBY: They should've been here, training.
HOLLY: But my thing is,
Abby, you're not God.
I'm just-- all I'm asking--
Then what are you doing in here,
wasting my time?
All I'm asking you,
is Nia in the group dance or not?
That's all I'm asking.
ABBY: Ask me, then.
The last time Abby pulled this stunt, Nia
did not dance in a group number.
If she's going to Denver,
I am expecting that she's
going to do the group number.
ABBY: I don't know if
that's going to happen.
[music playing]
ABBY: This is one of my favorite
places, ever since I was a kid.
Hello!
SHELLY: Wow.
- Yeah.
OK. Can I get a dozen of these
to go, in a box with--
Ally came onto this competition
team in a whirlwind.
Her and her mom haven't even had time
to adjust to living in Pittsburgh.
I want to get to know them better,
and see what they're all about.
What do you think of the moms, altogether?
I mean, they've been nice.
You know, they're very honest,
you know, very forthcoming.
But they've been--
they've been--
Well, they think
you're a big dance mom--
I'm not.
[laughs]
--and you're just being
sweet and nice and--
Yeah.
--that you don't want to make waves
and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm like--
- No.
- --I don't know.
Because, you know,
you have an older child,
so you've been through all this crap.
- Yeah.
ABBY: Shelley has an older daughter
who danced competitively for years.
She's been through all the hoops before.
I don't think these mothers
are going to intimidate her, at all.
So she's really excited
about dancing this weekend.
I'm nervous.
I hope Ally-- you know, she's never
had the two-day challenge before,
so I'm hoping she stands up to it.
She'll be fine.
But what-- what
should I expect?
My biggest advice to you--
never let them see you sweat.
Never let them see you cry
because you're vulnerable.
Think before you speak.
And, whatever you say, it's a statement.
You know, put a period on the end of it.
Don't let them come down on you
and talk about you and this and that.
They have driven away more customers.
Nip it in the bud.
[music playing]
Oh, crimini.
Ugh!
ABBY (VOICEOVER): The team
is certainly not ready to go to Denver.
I think the group dance could be good
if they nail it
or it could be a mess if they screw it up.
[cheering and applause]
Come on, girls.
Hopefully, all eyes will be on Ally.
She's going to look stunning.
And, hopefully, the judges won't
take their eyes off of her.
Oh, my goodness!
Oh, finally, we have a dance studio!
- Yeah!
- Yes! We get the mirrors!
All right, girls, remember you
are the National Champions,
so on your best behavior.
I don't want to see any of that baby,
bratty crying.
Got it?
I'm serious.
I'm nervous I'm going to forget my dance.
ABBY: Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go! Come on!
Abby, are solos first?
ABBY: Solos are first.
HOLLY: Well, since solos are first,
did you make--
can we get some guidance
about the group number?
Because--
I did not even think about it, Holly.
I haven't even thought about
it until I see everybody today.
HOLLY: Well, that's nice.
But you won't see Nia perform today
because she doesn't have a solo.
We did come all the way over
here as part of the team,
so I don't want it to be in vain.
This is a team.
This is my team.
When I know what I'm doing with the group
I'll let you know, Holly.
Until then, stop chirping about it.
You're only making yourself
look desperate.
Chloe, you are the national winner.
And I have stressed that to you.
And even though your mother
is insisted that you did not
miss at all over the break,
I'm still telling you,
you're not where you were
at the end of last season.
And that's what breaks are for.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: Abby rules by fear.
And she made it clear that each
of those girls had something to fear.
And, for Chloe, it was you're only
as good as your last dance.
Well, you know what?
Her last dance was pretty good.
[cheering and applause]
ABBY: Uh-uh.
Right there, posture.
Get those arms behind you.
I don't know, but--
I miss my friend.
Yeah. I miss her, too.
Well, we all do.
I don't know about Abby.
CHRISTI: She's such a witch.
MELISSA: Kelly is just Kelly.
I mean, it's just part of our group.
We might not all get along all the time,
but at the end of the day,
we are a dysfunctional family.
It's weird.
Today is weird.
MELISSA: That's why we keep saying
we're missing one.
It's Kelly.
It's weird.
Like, I'm sitting here and I'm looking.
And, like, it's weird
not to have Kelly here.
I'm sorry, Shelly, it's still her seat.
[music playing]
[cheering and applause]
It's very clear that I'm in Kelly's seat.
And Ally's in Paige and Brooke's seat.
CHRISTI: Ally's in Brooke's jacket.
SHELLY: Yeah. Yeah.
I don't even know Kelly.
I don't really know the history behind it
or why she didn't come back.
But, if it's Kelly's choice, then I know--
I don't know what to say.
Well, I'll tell you one thing
you could say.
If she tries to make
that group dance a solo,
you should stand up
and say my daughter is not doing it.
But I'm not the teacher.
Like, I don't tell the algebra teacher
how to teach algebra,
so why would I tell a dance teacher
how to teach dance
or how to make those decisions?
Telling her you would
rather do the group
not a solo isn't telling the dance teacher
how to teach dance.
- No, you are.
If that's what she chose to do--
now, I'm not going to tell her what to do
with her creative license.
JILL: I don't know what Shelly is up to,
but this is really heartbreaking to me.
I'm not sure Shelly is going to last
with this group of dance moms.
I can't predict it.
It doesn't look good.
She's no dummy.
You put the--
CHRISTI: No, she's not.
She knows exactly what she's doing.
She's here for one purpose,
one purpose only.
ABBY: How's it going in there?
OK.
Just-- if you want to just
give me peace right now
and let me get through
this first competition--
Tell them they're doing the group?
--please just tell them
they're doing the group.
HOLLY: I can't believe that
she said that, as a mom,
she would not question
a teacher's decision.
You're the mother.
You get to decide what's morally
right and what's morally wrong.
If you know a teacher
is doing something that's wrong,
you get to be able to say--
instruct the teachers, like, that's wrong.
You're sending the wrong
message to my child.
I really want it to be a group.
- Well, you know what?
- It's just so beautiful.
It's a group.
There's no doubt that it's a group.
It's just that I got to keep them--
- I know.
- --in control.
I know.
I can't have a studio where
the mothers run the show.
I know.
- That does not work for me.
- I know.
I know.
I have to say that I am not sure
Shelly fits in.
Like, when she speaks,
birds fly out of her mouth.
When I speak, fire comes out of mine.
[laughter]
Holly, she makes you look rough.
[laughs]
[music playing]
MADDIE: I'm backstage
getting ready to do my solo,
and I'm a little bit nervous
because this is my first week back
and I really want to impress Abby
and the judges.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome To the stage
Maddie with "Don't Leave Me."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Live will turn out fine for me.
With courage and persistence,
one day all my dreams
will be fully realized
and I will be at peace.
Isn't that what you want to believe?
[applause]
MELISSA: There's always pressure
on Maddie.
Abby says to Chloe,
you have to beat Maddie.
Maddie, you have to beat Chloe.
Kendall, you have to beat
Maddie and Chloe.
You know, she puts crazy
pressure on all the kids.
(SINGING) So please don't leave me.
So please
don't leave me that way.
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: That was act number nine,
Maddie, with "Don't Leave Me."
MADDIE: I thought my solo went very well.
I'm so excited of how the stage
was and how good my turns were.
And I'm excited that I did a solo
this week.
I just wanted to talk
to you for a minute
because I know that Abby keeps saying,
like, oh, you're not the same Chloe.
Oh, I know you're not the same Chloe.
Oh-- you're not.
I think you're a better Chloe.
And, you know, she keeps saying
to Maddie and Kendall,
are you going to let Chloe beat you again?
It's not always about winning.
It's about improving.
So I just want you to focus
on doing this dance well.
You did just win Nationals.
You know, this is your first dance back,
so don't think of it as, you know,
I better go out there and I better win.
Think of it, oh, this is like,
a victory performance.
So you're going to go out there
and show everyone why you won.
OK?
All right?
Lock it.
All right.
[cheering and applause]
CHLOE: Right before I go on stage
for my solo
I'm a little bit nervous.
I think Miss Abby's putting
kind of a lot of pressure on me
because I won Nationals.
And she wants me to go out there
and win, again.
ANNOUNCER: Once again,
this is act number 10 in our Elite
Junior Contemporary Solos.
Please welcome to the stage,
Chloe, with "Nobody's Perfect."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) It's the mistake you
make that make you who you are.
The bigger chance you take
just might take you far.
You learn more in this life when you fall.
Don't let that stop you,
now, stop you at all.
Don't get down on yourself
or want to be somebody else.
We all know deep inside,
nobody's perfect.
Nobody's perfect.
CHRISTI: I am really,
really proud of my daughter
because I think that she
is knocking it out of the park
not just technically,
but I think she is finally
dancing from her heart.
And I think you can see it.
(SINGING) Don't get down on yourself
or want to be somebody else.
[cheering and applause]
(SINGING) We all know, deep inside,
nobody's perfect.
Nobody's perfect.
[cheering and applause]
- I didn't even know.
- I didn't know that.
Yeah. I didn't even know.
CHLOE: During my dance I forgot,
like, two steps.
And I kept going and thought on my feet.
And, I mean, there's definitely things
that I can improve on.
But, overall, I thought I did pretty well.
[music playing]
Woo-hoo!
Bravo!
Very nice.
Great performance, Chloe. Great.
Thank you.
Beautiful.
Great, great, great, great, great.
So, Melissa, she definitely
improved over the break.
Either that or she's
been paying attention
to little Miss Ally over there.
Chloe, the turns--
you didn't do the right turns.
You didn't do the--
down.
You did another turn that was amazing.
But, Chloe, someday it's going to matter.
Someday you need to remember the
choreography the way it is given to you.
If you change something
in the choreography--
if you forget it just
put something else in--
in a real show when you
are a professional, that doesn't work.
That's get fired,
hire somebody else.
Understood?
CHRISTI: I guess Chloe is the new Paige,
you know, the punching bag
for all of Abby's insults.
I think that, more than anything,
Abby is jealous of Chloe
because Chloe has a heart of gold
and Abby is dead inside.
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
ABBY: Don't let that hair bother you.
Hi!
Hey. How are you?
- ABBY: Good. How are you?
Long time no see.
This is the guy from high school?
[laughs] I got a surprise visit
from an old friend of mine.
Ladies--
You know him?
Kelly-- remember the guy
she's always talking about?
- It was good to see you.
- See you.
- Take care.
- Thanks.
Hmm.
Was that the boy
you stole from Abby?
[laughs]
Is there-- oh, OK.
There's the history there, now.
Uh-huh.
Oh.
ABBY: This is him.
Kelly who?
Kelly-- ditzy blonde, like, hair.
Airhead.
You remember.
Forgot the routines?
[laughter]
- Yes.
Oh, got it.
You got a beautiful daughter, by the way.
- So you live here now?
- I live in Parker, yes.
How do all these people
know you out here now?
What?
It's like, I'm walking down the hall
and everyone's, "Abby, Abby, Abby, Abby."
ABBY: I'm somebody, now.
- And these girls--
- You know--
- And these girls, too.
--I was nothing--
I was nothing in high school.
Now I'm somebody. I'm a dance teacher.
It's hot in here.
Kelly has the mothers believing
that she dated him or went out with him.
In the meantime, she was 12.
He didn't even remember who she was.
- It's nice to see you.
- Can we get together?
Tonight?
ABBY: Maybe tonight.
Can I leave, please?
Would you mind?
MELISSA: No, we're fine.
Yes, we would.
CHRISTI: No, we wouldn't mind.
You haven't finished working.
MELISSA: Look at me.
I'm like, you're fine.
[laughs]
ABBY: Ally, you want to come out
with Mark and I?
We're going to go and watch some numbers.
I'm going to talk to him.
You want to go in the theater?
OK.
- HOLLY: Bye.
Come back, Abby.
MELISSA: I don't understand why
she wouldn't take our girls to watch.
CHRISTI: Because she's wooing her.
I really do think she's trying to woo her.
And I have something to say.
He did date Kelly.
He's pretending he didn't,
and he-- they did date.
Like, I know for a fact they dated.
I thought they did, too.
- JILL: I know they did!
Like he probably is afraid
to admit it in front of her
because she was so psycho jealous
she tried to slash his tires over it.
You know that?
Like, she went ballistic over it.
Abby liked him.
He knows who Kelly is.
Yeah.
JILL: Did you see, all of a sudden I think
she was trying to hold her stomach in.
She got skinny!
CHRISTI: Jill!
Jill!
She actually got thin.
Did you notice her outfit today?
She looks really skinny.
No, I don't think she got thin.
She's lost some weight.
MELISSA: Yeah, thinner.
OK.
Like, yeah. No.
[music playing]
[applause]
Abby gave you that for solo for a reason.
OK?
First solo of the season, this is yours.
You got this.
- OK.
- All right.
- Don't talk that loud.
Let's go.
This is adorable for Kendall.
She is a little it girl.
She can go out there and nail this.
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: Number 14,
this is in our Elite Junior Open.
So please welcome today
Kendall with "It Girl."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) She burst out onto the scene.
Then she struts her stuff
for the magazines.
She's tall and cool and sophisticated,
walking that groove syncopated.
She's the it girl, so plain to see.
We all want to be just like her.
She may be over-rated,
but one thing's for sure.
She's so opinionated!
She's very complicated!
She's got the whole world!
She's the latest it girl!
She's so opinionated!
[cheering and applause]
MELISSA: I can usually tell
from the first eight count
if this is going to be
an amazing performance
or if it's just going
to be an OK performance.
And, unfortunately,
with the jet lag and all the stress,
the number was good.
It wasn't fabulous.
- There's Kendall!
- Good job, Kendall!
- Good job, Kendall K!
- You did great, Kendall.
- Come here, Kendall.
- You did really well, honey.
- You did awesome!
- You did it.
It feel good?
Huh?
You all right?
You settled down?
All right.
Kendall, what did you think?
I thought it was good.
I thought it was entertaining.
I thought it was fun.
But, you know what?
You were the one that was
there during the break.
You were the one that was improving.
You're the one that had the privates.
I think you should've blown
Maddie and Chloe out of the water.
That's what I think.
Are you in agreement?
Absolutely.
Good answer, Jill.
You're learning.
Wow.
So I'm glad you put the group costume
on because you can do the group dance.
I have to think about the team.
And sometimes, Holly,
it's better to not dance and sit
in the audience than go out
and not be ready and look like crap.
I tried to tell Holly,
just wait and let me see.
She didn't get it through her head
that I was strategically
watching the other competitors.
Those moms may think they know it all,
but they don't know half of what I do.
All right, let's focus.
Nia, just feel everyone around you.
If you're too fast, slow down.
You nervous, Ally?
Nervous in just getting
out there and doing
the dance well or nervous
in judges not liking you?
What?
What kind of nervous?
Letting me down?
The pressure that Abby put on me
was very stressful because I don't
want to screw the dance up.
I'm just a little scared
that I won't be able to do it.
ANNOUNCER: Act number 20.
This is in our
Elite Junior Contemporary Small Group.
Please welcome to the stage
"Angels and Demons."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) I woke up this
morning thinking what to wear.
Don't know if I should be me.
I'm a little scared.
My soul has been captured
but I'm in no pain
because I'm no angel.
I have two faces.
I put one on for you,
put one on for me.
These angels and demons
won't set me free.
CHRISTI: I thought
the demons were amazing.
And I was watching the demons
because the angel had her own part.
And, you know what?
My daughter was a demon.
So maybe if she was an angel,
I could have said the angel was amazing.
But I wasn't watching.
(SINGING) --angel!
I have two faces.
I put one on for you, and one for me.
These angels and demons
won't set me
free.
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: That was act number 20,
"Angels and Demons."
When Abby does one of these claps,
that means it's good.
Yeah.
ABBY: I thought for the first time
out this season
the group was pretty darn amazing onstage.
Ally was just gorgeous.
Her dancing was angelic.
I think Ally sold the role of the Angel.
[cheering]
ABBY: Yay!
Hallelujah!
Very nice!
And my new angel, yay!
Oh, my god. You was stunning.
She was just this pretty little angel.
It was fabulous.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: Abby comes in the dressing room,
and I think it's so funny that she gives
Ally all the credit for the group dance.
Like, wouldn't you want to give your
dancers credit, that you've trained?
Isn't it your name and your reputation?
ABBY: Mackenzie, I made some changes
in your solo and you're up.
So I think you need
to get those socks off
and we need to warm up
and go through those changes.
And what happens if you forget?
You cannot be a national title holder
and run off the stage
because you forgot your dance.
There will be none of that this season.
Melissa, if she runs off that stage
she can keep on running
right back to Pittsburgh.
OK.
[music playing]
MACKENZIE: I can't forget the solo.
I want to win like Maddie won at my age.
Kenz, you know it.
GIANNA: Let's go from the top.
Here.
I'll get the song.
--and she's going to be great.
Before Mackenzie went on stage,
we all prayed so that Mackenzie
wouldn't forget her dance
and she would run off and cry.
Because I don't want Mackenzie
to forget her dance,
and I don't want Abby to yell at her.
ANNOUNCER: All right. Next up on stage
in our Elite Mini Acro Solo,
please welcome to the stage
Mackenzie with "Goodie Goodie."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Goodie goodie.
Goodie goodie.
Goodie goodie, I want plenty.
Coming back for more.
Goodie goodie.
Goodie goodie, give me plenty.
Woo!
[applause]
(SINGING) Don't keep me
coming back for more.
Goodie goodie, I want plenty.
Coming back for more.
MELISSA: Mackenzie comes out on stage.
Her turns were good,
her tricks were great,
then all of a sudden her
bow flies out of her hair.
(SINGING) I want plenty.
Coming back for more.
Go!
Come on.
(SINGING) Goodie goodie, give me plenty.
Yum, yum.
Give me some.
[cheering and applause]
You were great! Don't cry.
Kenz, you did it!
No.
She is, Mackenzie.
ABBY: , Melissa you should have learned
from the very first competition we did,
the headpiece gets sewed in the head.
That bow fell on the floor and everybody
in the audience watched the bow
instead of watching Mackenzie.
Mackenzie was even
watching the bow.
That's why she forgot her dance.
Thanks, Melissa.
HOLLY: Well, Melissa, I still thought
that Mackenzie's dance was great.
The caliber of the types of moves
that she did,
and her performance was strong.
MELISSA: It was.
I hear little feet.
[chatter]
MELISSA: Honey, you were great!
Honey, your bow fell out.
Don't--
You fixed it.
And, you know what?
Don't cry when Miss Abby yells.
It's OK.
She's going to yell at me.
Mackenzie, what's going on?
I thought we talked about no crying.
MELISSA: She didn't.
You were crying offstage in the wings.
Yes, you were.
All right.
Are we ready for awards?
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
HOLLY: We'll never hear
the end of Abby's mouth
if the girls come in second
or if they lose.
That's going to be miserable for everyone.
And we will hear I told you so.
I told you your girls weren't good enough.
I just don't even want to see what will
happen if the girls
do not come in first place.
Because it will not be pretty.
[applause]
ANNOUNCER: All right.
Starting off in the
Elite Mini Solo Division competition
from the Jazz category.
[cheering and applause]
Ladies and gentlemen, your highest scoring
the Acro category, act number three,
"Goodie Goodie."
[music playing]
So you, my-- you, my fair lady,
you then actually win $100
and a full scholarship for the In10sive.
Congratulations.
Take a bow.
[cheering and applause]
MACKENZIE: Ha, ha, Abby.
I won anyways.
[laughs]
ANNOUNCER: All right.
Moving now into our
Elite Junior Solo Division of competition,
the top five highest scoring--
fifth place, with a score of
265.8 points
is Miss Kendall, act number 14, "It Girl"
[cheering and applause]
Oh, I'm so glad.
They call fifth place, and it's Kendall.
And I'm very happy, don't get me wrong,
that Kendall is in the top five.
I was hoping for a higher position.
And, I'm just being honest,
that's what I want.
It's not bad to want that for your child.
ANNOUNCER: Second place,
with a score of 277.3 points,
Miss Chloe with act number 10,
"Nobody's Perfect."
[cheering and applause]
CHRISTI: I think Chloe's going to be
at the bottom of the pyramid
next week because Abby looks
for any excuse she
can to tear her down.
And it doesn't matter
that Chloe got second place.
Abby's only going to look at the negative
because that's all she
ever does with Chloe.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring Junior Solo,
with a score of 279.6 points,
is Miss Maddie with act nine,
"How Do You Like Me Now?"
[cheering and applause]
And, ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring Junior Solo,
who wins a full scholarship to
the In10sive in any 2012 city,
as well as a check for $100 smackeroos.
Great job.
[cheering and applause]
Dancers, let's do a bow on three.
One, two, three.
ABBY: Maddie was stellar.
She was wonderful.
She won her division.
Chloe, you let Maddie get back on top.
You weren't here over the break.
You didn't train.
You didn't improve.
Do you want to traipse
all over the country
or do you want to be the
best dancer that you can be?
It's time for you to decide.
ANNOUNCER: All right. Moving now into
our Elite Junior Small Groups.
Third place, with a score of 261 points,
is act number 17, "Boogie Shoes."
[cheering and applause]
Second place, with a score of 268 points,
is act number 18, "Fix You."
[cheering and applause]
And, ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring Junior Small Group,
with a score of 279.5 points,
is act number 20, "Angels and Demons."
[cheering and applause]
CHLOE: Yay!
The group gets first.
But I wish Brooke and Paige
were here to celebrate with us.
Name of your studio on three,
nice and loud. One, two, three.
Abby Lee Dance Company!
[cheers and applause]
ANNOUNCER: Congratulations
on your performance.
You guys can take a bow on three.
ABBY: I'm very proud of myself,
I'm proud of my staff,
and I'm proud of the girls.
I had to put a winning number
back on the stage.
Coming off of a national victory,
you can't rest on your laurels.
So we did it.
The girls went out there,
they were beautiful,
it was a great number,
and we won again.
You know, the-- I think
the girls were amazing.
And I think that dance was fabulous.
But, like, what happens next week?
You know, like, we go back.
Do we have pyramid?
When you're featured, it's easier
to get to the top of the pyramid.
[cheering]
Good job, girls!
MELISSA: Way to go.
Way to go.
HOLLY: Congratulations!
Congratulations.
Wow!
That was another clean sweep!
Kenzie, don't get a big head.
It's the beginning of the season.
There weren't that many people
against you.
Understood?
Thank you, Ally,
for being a new addition to our team.
Girls, do you see what it's
like to have somebody that's
inspiring and wants to work hard
and is there?
You know, that just isn't
Brooke and Paige.
Sorry.
But maybe they're reacting
to the way you talk to them.
Maybe you should
have been more encouraging.
Maybe I should have done a lot of things.
But, you know what?
Maybe I should get a thank you.
Year after year, her kid won a title.
Now she [bleep] all over that title.
Excuse me, ladies.
I don't swear in front of children.
But, you know what?
That's what they did over the title,
over the competition
that was holding the title, everything.
And you don't do that,
not in this business.
And you just curse in front
of our children, and you--
ABBY: That's right.
- Yeah, that's right.
Nice role model, Abby.
Hey, hit the road, Jack.
There's always another kid, always.
You're always so eager
to get rid of people.
This entire team has made a
commitment and we've been--
ABBY: Sacrifice,
sacrifice, sacrifice!
I leave my husband.
I leave my other daughter.
Sacrifice, sacrifice!
It's all OK until you--
You wouldn't know because
you don't have anybody else!
That's right, sweetheart.
You walk out that door, keep walking.
You're finished.
This week has been quite nice
without Kelly.
Now if I could just find a way
to get rid of Christi.
I'm sorry I swore,
but you've all heard worse.
Girls, great job.
You're dismissed.
I'm going to go have dinner.
I have an old friend I saw today.
I'm so glad you came over here today.
That that was a surprise.
All right.
Well, let's wrap it up.
MELISSA: Oh, what about Kendall's shoes?
I heard the fat lady singing in the hall.
It's time to go.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): This season
on "Dance Moms"--
- Well, welcome--
- Thank you.
--star!
Be grateful that Sophia
has joined our group.
Look how thrilled I am.
ABBY: Everybody wants to be a superstar.
CHRISTI: We need to do some
sort of initiation.
We could put E6000 in her eyelash glue
because she's wearing eyelashes.
ABBY: There's some kids on thin ice.
Why you have to do this,
I don't understand.
Because you get too big for your britches,
that's what happens.
[cheering]
You are more worried
about your friendships
with all of these women than
your own kids, and you know it.
Next!
JILL: Everybody is replaceable.
ABBY: Chloe was awful today.
She cheats! She fakes it!
You pick on the children!
Because you're an idiot!
GIRLS: Abby Lee Dance Company!
Get [bleep] away from me.
ABBY: Hi. I have a trespassing issue.
You're replaced! That's it!
Finished. Done.
See what happens to people?
You do all this crap with their kid--
[siren blaring]
--you get them to win
a National Championship, and then they
[bleep] all over you.
(CRYING) What are we doing to our kids?
(CRYING) Sorry.
Why didn't you get out of the car
and go, no, I'm going in there?